Add API reference section (#218)
mirumee/saleor-docs: docs/index.mdx

[![](icons/getting-started.svg) **Developer's Guide** Build and deploy a store based on Saleor.](developer.mdx)

</CardGrid>

> ## Api Reference

Author: Moved Api reference into dev docs

<CardGrid home>

> [![](icons/getting-started.svg) **Api Reference** Detailed description of the whole schema.](api-reference/api-introduction.mdx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![](icons/getting-started.svg) **API Reference** A detailed description of the entire GraphQL API.](api-reference/api-introduction.mdx)
```

Also, there is a better icon that was removed when the previous reference was dropped: https://github.com/mirumee/saleor-docs/commit/962b221e4ca5935ee6a5fbe511f35e18f7774062
